Fix #21498: Crash when the size of text can't be determined (#21500)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

- Fix: [#21347] Too many options are hidden if the platform has no file picker.
- Fix: [#21350] Maze and Mini Golf track designs from RCT1 not shown in track designs list.
- Fix: [#21425] Additional missing/misplaced land & construction rights tiles in Japanese Coastal Reclaim.

> - Fix: [#21498] Crash when the size of text can't be determined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: [#21498] Crash when the size of text can’t be determined.
```
